Add missing documentation for new features to the README (#44)
anoadragon453/busty: README.md

2. `BUSTY_COOLDOWN_SECS` - Number of seconds between songs (default = 10)
3. `BUSTY_ATTACHMENT_DIR` - Directory to save attachments (default = attachments)
4. `BUSTY_DJ_ROLE` - Name of role with permissions to run commands (default = bangermeister)

> 5. `BUSTY_CUSTOM_EMOJI_FILEPATH` - The path to a file containing a custom list of emoji to display.

Reviewer: I accidentally didn't save these comments in my first review, so I'm writing it again. First off, here we should show a default value (default = emoji_list) to be consistent. Second off, "the path to a file" is not technically accurate, note the default value does not have a file extension. A more accurate description would be something like "The Python module to import containing the emoji list"

```suggestion
5. `BUSTY_CUSTOM_EMOJI_FILEPATH` - The Python module to import containing the emoji list (default = emoji_list)
```
If this change is made then line 38 should also be reworded from `the path of the new file` to something like `the name of the new module`.

## Command reference

> 1. `!list [<channel>]` - download and list all media sent in the current text channel. Specifying a channel will cause songs to be pulled from that channel instead. This must be run before `!bust`.
> 1. `!bust` - Join the vc/stage that the user who ran this command is currently in, and plays the tracks in the channel in order. The user must be in a vc or stage for this to work.
> 1. `!skip` - skips the current track :scream: 
> 1. `!stop` - stop busting early :scream: :scream: :scream: 

Reviewer: This was an existing issue not related to documenting the new features, but since we're editing these lines anyways we should make capitalization consistent here
```suggestion
1. `!list [<channel>]` - Download and list all media sent in the current text channel. Specifying a channel will cause songs to be pulled from that channel instead. This must be run before `!bust`.
1. `!bust` - Join the vc/stage that the user who ran this command is currently in, and plays the tracks in the channel in order. The user must be in a vc or stage for this to work.
1. `!skip` - Skips the current track :scream: 
1. `!stop` - Stop busting early :scream: :scream: :scream: 
```

Author: Looks like this is additionally solved in #42. I'll block this PR until that one merges (and fix any conflicts here).
